[Add-ins] (Visual Studio mentions) Updates VS 17 instructions to VS 19 (#1372)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/update-your-javascript-api-for-office-and-manifest-schema-version.md

### Update the JavaScript API for Office library files in your project to the newest release

> The following steps will update your Office library files to the latest version. The steps use Visual Studio 2019, but they are similar for Visual Studio 2017.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps will update your Office.js library files to the latest version. The steps use Visual Studio 2019, but they are similar for previous versions of Visual Studio.
```
